Inline assembly: Clarify references to quoted regs (#1191)
rust-lang/reference: src/inline-assembly.md

>
> - On x86-64 the high byte registers (e.g. `ah`) are not available in the `reg_byte` register class.
>

> > - Some register classes are marked as "Only clobbers" which means that they cannot be used for inputs or outputs, only clobbers of the form `out("reg") _` or `lateout("reg") _`.

Reviewer: This change is incorrect: clobber-only registers can only be used with explicit registers, not register classes.

> > - Some register classes are marked as "Only clobbers" which means that they cannot be used for inputs or outputs, only clobbers of the form `out(<register class>) _` or `lateout(<register class>) _`.

Author: ```suggestion
> - Some register classes are marked as "Only clobbers" which means that registers in these classes cannot be used for inputs or outputs, only clobbers of the form `out(<explicit register>) _` or `lateout(<explicit register>) _`.
```
